# Explore Place App
# Overview
Explore Place App is a mobile application designed to help users discover and explore various places of interest. The app provides detailed information about different locations, including descriptions, images, and user reviews. It is built with modern mobile development technologies to ensure a responsive and user-friendly experience.

# Features
* Browse and search for places of interest.
* View detailed information and images of selected places.
* Interactive map integration to visualize location data.

# Technologies Used
* React Native: A framework for building native apps using React.
* Expo: A platform for making universal React applications.
* Axios: For making HTTP requests to fetch data.
* Google Maps API: For map integration and location visualization.
* CSS: For styling the application.
# Getting Started
To get a local copy of the project up and running, follow these simple steps.

# Prerequisites
* Node.js (v14 or higher)
* npm (v6 or higher)
* Expo CLI

# Installation
1. Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/tobiasSantellan/explore-place-app.git

2. Navigate to the project directory:
cd explore-place-app

3. Install the dependencies:
npm install

4. Install Expo CLI globally if you haven't already:
npm install -g expo-cli

5. Start the development server:
expo start
Use the Expo app on your mobile device to scan the QR code generated by the development server to view the application.

# Usage
* Search for Places: Use the search functionality to find places of interest.
* View Details: Tap on a place to see detailed information, including images and reviews.
* Leave a Review: Add your own review for a place you have visited.
* Interactive Map: Use the integrated map to see the location of places and get directions.

# Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
Create your feature branch:
git checkout -b feature/YourFeature

2. Commit your changes:
git commit -m 'Add some feature'

3. Push to the branch:
git push origin feature/YourFeature

4. Install Expo CLI globally if you haven't already:
npm install -g expo-cli

5. Open a pull request.
